Introduction

Part 1: Modeling, Interconnecting and Generating Geodata on the Web

This part will talk about the various models/vocabs for representing geography/geometry. It will survey the state of the triple stores. It will describe particular problems (coordinate systems, etc.) and highlight our contributions: new vocabularies, an online converter between CRS, etc. It will describe how geography database can then be converted into RDF (Datalift processes). It will then show how those datasets can be interlinked (possibly trying different instance matching tools) and it will conclude with a thorough analysis of those alignments together with an application that could make use of those links.

state of the art of format (geojson, shp, etc.) and GIS tools for handling geo data
state of the art of vocabularies (geography, geometry) + limitations
state of the art of geo support in triple stores and other libs (GeoLift, TripleGeo, Geometry2RDF, shp2GeoSPARQL, etc.)
contrib 1: crs ontology (ignf) + converter + geom
contrib 2: geofla ontology + dataset + alignment experiments
contrib 3: bdtopo ontology + dataset + alignment experiments
contrib 4: Datalift module for geo data
contrib 5: Concrete applications: PerfectSchool, French Amenities.


Part 2: Generating Visualizations for Linked Data

	This part cover three main problematics regarding how to present RDF to end-users. There is a consensus that RDF is not what is shown to the users.  First, we make a state of the art review of existing tools and solutions for visual representation and exploration of RDF (Visualbox, LODSpeaKr, Map4RDF, Linked Data Visualization Model, other works from the SWUI community, from Roberto Garcia, etc.) The, we present our contribution: the wizard for visualizations including the vocabulary for describing visualizations , the prototype itself, etc. Third, we present a  mechanism of extracting and reusing application contests in open data events, and finally we provide some insights on revealing the “important” properties of Entities for visualization.

State of the art on visualizations for RDF
Contrib 1: Wizard for visualizations
Contrib 2: Vocabularies for describing visualizations
Contrib 3: Improving the discovery of application contests in Open Data Events
Contrib 4: Revealing the “important” properties of Entities for visualizations
Extracting the Google Panel
Experiments and Datasets
User evaluation


Part 3: Contribution to Standards
	
	In this part, we talk about the various work around Linked Open Vocabularies ( catalog description, vocabulary publications, APIs and endpoints); prefixes harmonization, vocabulary ranking metrics using information content. We also present some insights on checking licenses compatibility between vocabularies and datasets with the defeasible deontic logic for creating an automatic tool for licenses checking.  We then finish by highlighting our contribution to the GLD WG with the 2 document notes and vocabularies standardized: DCAT, Data Cube, ORG, etc. 

LOV and vocabularies publication
Prefixes harmonization
Vocabulary Ranking metrics
Licenses compatibility checker
Best Practices for publishing Government Data
 
Conclusion
